# Design Diary
Use this space to talk about your process.  For inspiration, see [my prompts](../../../docs/sample_reflection.md) 

The biggest issue that I ran into with this first milestone was coding a functioning ENTER key for my text editor. To add characters to the screen I implemented a while loop, in which characters from the keyboard were caught and added to the screen. The ENTER key would move the cursor to a new line but the problem was that the cursor would move into the border, which was at the edge of the screen. Typing anything else at that point would override the border on both the left and right side. My first attempted solution was to create an if statement that would move the cursor when the ENTER key was pressed. However, when the ENTER key was pressed, the x-position in the move function was ignored. The cursor would move to the y-position that I had input but the cursor would always begin at x=0. I tried using the integer value for the ENTER key in the if statement parameters but that didn't fix the problem either. Eventually, April gave me the idea of creating another window that is just smaller than the window with the border. After messing around with that idea for a while I got it so that the user can not mess with the border.

Another issue that took up a solid part of my time was getting the backspace to delete the previous character. I created an if statement and went through the same process as I did for the ENTER key. Eventually, I found some code on stack overflow that helped me with a solution. I needed to use the printw() function to print "\b" and then " " to the screen.

The issue I'm currently working on is moving the cursor with the arrow keys. I've set keypad to true so that I can catch special keys, such as the arrow keys. The loop that allows the user to type to the screen automatically adds whatever character is caught. Unfortunately, that means that whenever I type an arrow key the character representing that character is added to the screen. I've commented out the function that adds the characters to the screen and I was able to move the cursor with the arrow keys just fine.
